addendums
qu'ran
antitheses
delighted
colour
alkekengi flower
cherry
bacterium
antitheses
châteaus
winter cherry

painting
sculpture
ceramic
bronze
sword
fish
cat
bear
tiger
sunset
snow
church
street
boots
mask
shell
portrait
landscape
vase
pottery
jewelry
furniture
textile
print
drawing
photograph
statue
monument
temple
castle
bridge
tower
garden
fountain
clock
mirror
candle
book
manuscript
map
coin
medal
flag
banner
crown
throne
chair
table
bed
cabinet
chest
box
bottle
cup
plate
bowl
spoon
knife
fork
lamp
candle
torch
fire
water
earth
air
wind
rain
storm
cloud
mountain
river
sea
ocean
forest
tree
flower
bird
horse
dog
lion
eagle
owl
dragon
phoenix
angel
demon
god
goddess
king
queen
prince
princess
knight
warrior
soldier
archer
hunter
farmer
merchant
priest
monk
nun
saint
hero
villain
monster
ghost
spirit
soul
heart
eye
hand
foot
head
face
hair
beard
mustache
smile
tear
laugh
cry
dance
sing
play
music
song
poem
story
tale
legend
myth
fable
dream
nightmare
hope
fear
love
hate
joy
sadness
anger
peace
war
victory
defeat
life
death
birth
marriage
funeral
celebration
festival
ceremony
ritual
prayer
blessing
curse
magic
spell
charm
treasure
gold
silver
bronze
iron
steel
copper
tin
lead
marble
granite
limestone
sandstone
clay
wood
leather
silk
wool
cotton
linen
velvet
satin
lace
embroidery
weaving
knitting
sewing
dyeing
painting
drawing
carving
engraving
etching
printing
casting
forging
molding
shaping
cutting
polishing
gilding
enameling
inlaying
镶嵌
jade
pearl
diamond
ruby
emerald
sapphire
opal
amber
coral
ivory
ebony
mahogany
oak
pine
cedar
bamboo
reed
straw
feather
bone
horn
antler
tusk
claw
fang
scale
wing
tail
fin
gill
beak
paw
hoof
mane
fur
feather
plume
quill
spine
thorn
leaf
petal
stem
root
seed
fruit
berry
nut
grain
wheat
rice
corn
barley
oats
rye
millet
sorghum
bean
pea
lentil
chickpea
soybean
peanut
almond
walnut
hazelnut
chestnut
pistachio
macadamia
pecan
cashew
pineapple
banana
apple
orange
lemon
lime
grape
cherry
peach
plum
apricot
nectarine
mango
papaya
guava
fig
date
prune
raisin
currant
cranberry
blueberry
strawberry
raspberry
blackberry
mulberry
elderberry
gooseberry
crabapple
quince
medlar
loquat
persimmon
pomegranate
mulberry
sycamore
maple
birch
alder
aspen
poplar
willow
elm
ash
beech
chestnut
walnut
hickory
butternut
pecan
hazelnut
filbert
almond
peach
apricot
cherry
plum
prune
damson
sloe
bullace
greengage
mirabelle
myrobalan
cherry plum
sweet cherry
sour cherry
black cherry
wild cherry
bird cherry
pin cherry
chokecherry
sand cherry
bush cherry
ground cherry
cape gooseberry
tomatillo
physalis
goldenberry
inca berry
peruvian groundcherry
strawberry tomato
wild tomatillo
mexican husk tomato
jamberry
poha berry
poha
cape gooseberry
ground cherry
husk tomato
chinese lantern
japanese lantern
winter cherry
bladder cherry
alkekengi
physalis alkekengi
chinese lantern plant
japanese lantern plant
winter cherry plant
bladder cherry plant
alkekengi plant
physalis alkekengi plant
chinese lantern flower
japanese lantern flower
winter cherry flower
bladder cherry flower
alkekengi flower
physalis alkekengi flower
chinese lantern fruit
japanese lantern fruit
winter cherry fruit
bladder cherry fruit
alkekengi fruit
physalis alkekengi fruit
chinese lantern seed
japanese lantern seed
winter cherry seed
bladder cherry seed
alkekengi seed
physalis alkekengi seed
chinese lantern leaf
japanese lantern leaf
winter cherry leaf
bladder cherry leaf
alkekengi leaf
physalis alkekengi leaf
chinese lantern stem
japanese lantern stem
winter cherry stem
bladder cherry stem
alkekengi stem
physalis alkekengi stem
chinese lantern root
japanese lantern root
winter cherry root
bladder cherry root
alkekengi root
physalis alkekengi root 